Docs: Update Azure instructions (#26337)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/auth/azuread.md

To enable the Azure AD OAuth2 you must register your application with Azure AD.

1. Log in to [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com) and click **Azure Active Directory** in the side menu. If you have access to more than one tenant, select your account in the upper right. Set your session to the Azure AD tenant you wish to use.

> 1. Click **Manage**, **App Registrations** and then **New Registration**. Provide a fitting name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under **Manage** in the side menu, click **App Registrations** and then **New Registration**. Provide a fitting name.
```

> 1. Click **Manage**, **App Registrations** and then **New Registration**. Provide a fitting name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Manage** section of the side menu, click **App Registrations** and then **New Registration**. Provide a fitting name.
```

1. Under **Redirect URI**, select **Web** as the app type. 

1. Add the redirect URL `https://<grafana domain>/login/azuread`, then click **Register**.

1. The app's **Overview** page is displayed. Note the **Application ID**, this is the OAuth client id.

> 1. Click **Manage**, **App Registrations**, and then **Endpoints** from the top menu.

Reviewer: For me this is different, Endpoints is a button with the Overview screen I am already in:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1692624/87558109-b7376680-c686-11ea-8d02-41d340371533.png)

Author: @kylebrandt I see that, thanks. I don't have a subscription to Azure, so I was editing this based their docs pages :) Your way is definitely much cleaner :)

To enable the Azure AD OAuth2 you must register your application with Azure AD.

1. Log in to [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com) and click **Azure Active Directory** in the side menu. If you have access to more than one tenant, select your account in the upper right. Set your session to the Azure AD tenant you wish to use.

1. Click **Manage**, **App Registrations** and then **New Registration**. Provide a fitting name.

1. Under **Redirect URI**, select **Web** as the app type. 

1. Add the redirect URL `https://<grafana domain>/login/azuread`, then click **Register**.

1. The app's **Overview** page is displayed.

>    - Note the **Application ID**, this is the OAuth client id.

Reviewer 2: Please make this sentence part of the previous line, not a separate bullet.

Author: Committed

> 1. Click **Manage**, **App Registrations** and then **Endpoints** from the top menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click **Manage**, **App Registrations**, and then **Endpoints** from the top menu.
```

Reviewer 2: Per the [Documentation style guide](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/master/contribute/style-guides/documentation-style-guide.md), always use the serial comma.

Author: > Per the [Documentation style guide](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/master/contribute/style-guides/documentation-style-guide.md), always use the serial comma.

Love it! I'm actually surprised I didn't automatically include that, as I am very pro-Oxford.

   - Note the **OAuth 2.0 authorization endpoint (v2)**, this is the auth URL.
   - Note the **OAuth 2.0 token endpoint (v2)**, this is the token URL.

1. Click **Certificates & secrets** and add a new entry under Client secrets.
    - Description: Grafana OAuth
    - Expires: Never

> 1. Click **Add** then copy the key value, this is the OAuth client secret.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click **Add**, then copy the key value. This is the OAuth client secret.
```

1. Click **Manifest**.

>    - Add definitions for the required Application Roles for Grafana (Viewer, Editor, Admin). Without this configuration, all users would be assigned to the Viewer role.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Add definitions for the required Application Roles for Grafana (Viewer, Editor, Admin). Without this configuration, all users will be assigned the Viewer role.
```

>    - Every role requires a unique id. On Linux, this can be created with `uuidgen`, for example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Every role requires a unique id. On Linux, this can be created with `uuidgen`. For example:
```
